Document new website settings (#830)
contao/docs: docs/manual/layout/site-structure/configure-pages.en.md

without any other parameters. You can exclude certin (or all) website roots from this automatic redirect through this setting.

### Website settings

{{< version "4.9" >}}

> **Favicon:** This allows you to select a favicon for the `/favicon.ico` URL of your domain. This is especially useful for multidomain setups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Favicon:** This allows you to select a favicon for the `/favicon.ico` URL of your domain. This is especially useful for multi-domain setups
```

so that you can easily serve different favicons for different domains from within the same Contao instance, since you can only have one
_physical_ `favicon.ico` file in your document root otherwise. This will enable you to show the correct favicon per domain, if any non-HTML 
resources are displayed in the browser directly (like images or PDFs, etc.).

{{% notice "warning" %}}
Keep in mind that this will not work if you already have a physical `favicon.ico` file in your document root, as the web server will then
serve said file directly. Make sure to delete that file before trying to use this feature.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice "info" %}}
Keep in mind that this feature will not add any additional meta tags to the HTML output.
{{% /notice %}}

**Custom robots.txt content:** This allows you to define the content of the `/robots.txt` URL of your domain. This is especially useful for 

> multidomain setups, since you can only have one _physical_ `robots.txt` file in your document root otherwise. This will enable you to define 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multi-domain setups, since you can only have one _physical_ `robots.txt` file in your document root otherwise. This will enable you to define 
```
